## This acceptance test is for the following user stories and features

#### US.01 Browsing upcoming events as a logged in student

## Steps and expected results 
1. Login as a student. You can login with the following info:
```
student id : S12345
password: 12345
```

2. Once logged in, click on ```Browse Events``` in the sidebar - this will show you a list of upcoming events. Each event is displayed as an event card with a button to claim a ticket.

3. You can search for certain upcoming events and even filter based on date.


#### Expected results
- You should be able to see the long list of upcoming events

- If entering words into the search bar or a date next to it, the filtering should work and you should see corresponding events.

-If an error occurs, make sure you are logged in as a student, and you can even reload the page although an error shouldn't happen if the steps were followed correctly.

### Additional feature - Register

-Upon clicking on ```login``` in the sidebar, you should see the login page with a ```Register``` button.

-After interacting with it, you should now see a list in which you should enter your ```student ID```, ```first name```, ```last name```, ```email```, ```phone number```, and a ```password```.

#### Expected result
- There should appear an on screen notification message signaling that an account was created : ```User created successfully```

-However, beware of a potential error upon entering all the information, as wrong input could lead to failure in creating an account.

-When received the success message, you are now able to log in as a student and access all the features of a student user!

                                                                      



